Min-Hsueh Chiu: Hi, let me introduce you. Poker owl.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So poker all is basically a poker simulator. But it's feature. Open word. So what is open world.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Open word is an unexpected situation that often conflict with existing knowledge.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and it has happened all the time in the real world
Min-Hsueh Chiu: how human are able to generalize the concept
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and adapt to such situation. However, a system will have a hard time because it require a fixed rules. So let me show you an example. Here is a normal poker, poker, table, and player playing with each other.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and here is a novel situation, as you can see, it is very crowded on the table.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and it's typically only have 8 to 10 people on the table. So in this novel situation
Min-Hsueh Chiu: player have to modify their strategy, to either win more or remain or or
Min-Hsueh Chiu: maintain a good performance. So that is why we are trying to build this repo for the research usage.